Team: Dewbed
    Members: William, Bettina, Emily, and Devika
    Project: 2A - Meeting Minutes
Meeting Minutes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QWwRk0vbYpuzVm-FWIv8Vwocil74LKSemrh22Mapstw/edit?usp=sharing
       Primary Author: Devika

Meeting Minutes
____________________________________________________________________________

09/25/2020 
	Time: 12:45-2:00 PM PST
	Attendees: William, Emily, Bettina, and Devika

Meeting Objective: Clarify questions about architecture with the professor. 
Agenda: 
-Ask questions regarding assignments. 
-Create an outline
-Address concerns about creating and interacting with Discord bot
-Assign prototyping (Devika) and update Github with code.
-Delegate architecture research to each person on the team.

09/25/2020 
	Time: 9:30-12:00 AM PST
	Attendees: William, Emily, Bettina, and Devika

Meeting Objective: Finish a rough draft of the architecture and ensure each member has work to do until the next meeting. 
                    Finalize our Project Management Timeline. 
Agenda: 
-Finalize the different sections of architecture.
-Address concerns on amount of work for Project Management plan.
-Assign parts to different members. 
-Finish our Project Management timeline. 



09/27/2020 
	Time: 3:00-4:30 PM PST
	Attendees: William, Emily, Bettina, and Devika

Meeting Objective: Finish our architecture and style everything for submission.
Agenda: 
-Finalize the different sections of architecture.
-Address concerns about time zone differences.
-Edit Project Management timeline with risks. 
-Style all documents for submission and upload to Discord / Github.



